=head1 NQR - Not Quite R

NQR is Copyright (C) 2011 by John W. Emerson and Michael J. Kane.
See F<LICENSE> for licensing details, Artistic License 2.0.

This is repository NQR in github organization NQRCore,
established June 30, 2011.  NQR stands for "Not Quite R".

If you aren't familiar with R, please see http://www.r-project.org.
It has a wonderful community and a mature, stable language for
statistical computing.  NQR is a sandbox for exploring the Parrot
Virtual Machine as a platform for a high-level language (HLL) using
the core S grammar.

To contribute, please drop us an email.  We particularly welcome
feedback and hints that help us learn more about Parrot.

Jay Emerson (john.emerson@yale.edu or jayemerson@gmail.com)
Mike Kane (michael.kane@yale.edu)

=head2 Building from source

NQR requires Parrot (see http://www.parrot.org/).  If you can
build Parrot, you should be fine building NQR (we recommend
Parrot version 3.6.0 as of late July, 2011).

There are additional requirements that are appearing as we work: 
F<libRmath.so>
from the R project (at least for now), and F<libgsl.so> from the GNU
Scientific Library.  You may also need F<libffi>.  See comment in F<STATUS>.

To obtain NQR directly from its repository:

    $ git clone git://github.com/NQRCore/NQR.git

Once you have a copy of NQR, build and test it as follows:

    $ parrot setup.pir
    $ parrot setup.pir test

To run interactively,

    $ ./installable_nqr

To run in batch mode (e.g. from a script):

    $ ./installable_nqr myscript.nqr

=head3 Currently supported syntax

Have a glance at F<t/00-sanity.t>, and realize that only vectors are
supported (and imperfectly so) as of late July, 2011.  For example,
indexing starts at 0, not 1.  And the bracket operator currently only
has a chance of working for single-element get/set operations.


